To gather here at Koyobomiya,
we are holding a GoT metre heavyLAUGHING competition
for all strong Japanese students.
We challenge worried
Using this opportunity are presented for you
toEhnen Jakutoshokun of heaven
and by requesting our help.
Which is in genuine importanence,
which is in genuine importanence,
which is genuine importanence,
What I understand is that...
the great Imperial Ikeda has been an example...
of long and hard-towards.
Now, 100 million people follow the Sh Kongo's call
for a true war never to be mereka.
Now, we are in the middle of a regards to war at large.
You see in sir and you see in ma'am,
These are also the inevitable try to end them.
In city, the
train aspects have been
Misасаe
In the Electoral Court of the next Congress to be held,
whenOUD with great jaws
the reference to
the greatเอl
to criticize
I am here to report the best 5-minute surveillance suicide,
including attributed to the Queen & her own children.